#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   outcome
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
chainlit==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via redisvl
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipywidgets
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
fastapi-pagination==0.12.25
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.26.0
    # via ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.3
    # via yfiles-jupyter-graphs
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via fastapi
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
langchain==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.2.9
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.0.61
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.81
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
neo4j==5.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   redisvl
openai==1.35.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.5
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langsmith
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via trio
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pydantic==2.7.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-pagination
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   redisvl
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==8.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
pytz==2024.1
    # via neo4j
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   redisvl
    #   uvicorn
redis==5.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   redisvl
redisvl==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.5.15
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   tika
    #   tiktoken
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
selenium==4.23.1
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via asttokens
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via redisvl
tenacity==8.4.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   redisvl
tika==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   matplotlib-inline
trio==0.26.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via selenium
typer==0.12.3
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-pagination
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   selenium
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
urllib3[socks]==2.2.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
uuid6==2024.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.1
    # via fastapi
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
widgetsnbextension==4.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
yfiles-jupyter-graphs==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
